C03 kks dialogue (take 2) (#112)
IllusionMods/KKS-Translation: Translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/adv/scenario/c03/00/61/translation.txt

//
// Dumped for Koikatsu Sunshine v1.0.1 (KoikatsuSunshine) by KKS_TextDump v1.4.5.0
//

> 「オイル塗り……なんだか美容に良さそうな気がするのですっ」=“Oiling... I'm thinking that it's good for beauty.”
> 「興味あるの？　じゃあ俺が塗ってあげるよ」=“Are you interesting? Then I'll spread it on.”
> 「……下心はないですよね？」=“...with no ulterior motives?”
> 「当然だよっ」=“Naturally!”
> 「えへへ、冗談なのです。よろしくお願いするですねっ」=“Ehehe, I'm kidding. I look forward to being in your care!”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
「オイル塗り……なんだか美容に良さそうな気がするのですっ」=“Oiling... that sounds like it's good for beauty.”
「興味あるの？　じゃあ俺が塗ってあげるよ」=“Are you interested? Then I'll spread it on.”
「……下心はないですよね？」=“...with no ulterior motives?”
「当然だよっ」=“Naturally!”
「えへへ、冗談なのです。よろしくお願いするですねっ」=“Ehehe, I'm kidding. I look forward to being in your care!”
```
